fix: improve baseapp event emission (#14356)
cosmos/cosmos-sdk: UPGRADING.md

)
```

The module name is assumed by `baseapp` to be the second element of the message route: `"cosmos.bank.v1beta1.MsgSend" -> "bank"`.

> In case a module does not follow the standard message path, (e.g. IBC), it is adviced to keep emit the module name event.

Author: ```suggestion
In case a module does not follow the standard message path, (e.g. IBC), it is advised to keep emitting the module name event.
```
